Updating the VIP..again (#17375)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/partnerships.mdx

Vault is an Identity-based security solution that leverages trusted sources of identity to keep secrets and application data secured with one centralized, audited workflow for tightly controlling access to secrets across applications, systems, and infrastructure while encrypting data both in flight and at rest. For a full description of the current features please refer to the Vault [website](/).

There are two main types of integrations with Vault. The first is Runtime Integrations which use Vault as part of a workflow. Many partners have integrations that use existing Vault deployments to retrieve various types of secrets for use in a partner’s application or platform. The use cases can range from Vault storing and providing secrets, issuing or managing PKI certificates or acting as an external key management system. 

The second type is where a partner develops a custom plugin. Vault has a secure [plugin](/docs/plugins) architecture. Vault’s plugins are completely separate, standalone applications that Vault executes and communicates with over RPC. 

> Plugins can be broken into two categories, Auth and Secrets Engines. They can be built-in and bundled with the Vault binary, or be external that has to be manually mounted. Built-in plugins are developed by HashiCorp, while external plugins can be developed by HashiCorp, technology partners, or the community. There is a curated collection of all plugins, both built-in and external, located on the [Plugin Portal](/docs/plugins/plugin-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins can be broken into two categories, Secrets Engines and Auth Methods. They can be built-in and bundled with the Vault binary, or be external that has to be manually registered. Built-in plugins are developed by HashiCorp, while external plugins can be developed by HashiCorp, technology partners, or the community. There is a curated collection of all plugins, both built-in and external, located on the [Plugin Portal](/docs/plugins/plugin-portal).
```

HSM (Hardware Security Module) are specific types of runtime integrations and can be configured to work with new or existing Vault deployments. They provide an added level of security and compliance. The HSM communicates with Vault using the PKCS#11 protocol thereby resulting in the integration to primarily involve verification of the operation of the functionality. You can find more information about Vault’s HSM support [here](/docs/enterprise/hsm). A list of HSMs that have been verified to work with Vault is shown in our [interoperability matrix](/docs/interoperability-matrix).

**Audit/Monitoring & Compliance**: Audit/Monitoring and Compliance are components in Vault that keep a detailed log of all requests and responses to Vault. Because every operation with Vault is an API request/response, the audit log contains every authenticated interaction with Vault, including errors. Vault supports multiple audit devices to support your business use case. You can find more information about Vault Audit Devices [here](/docs/audit/).

> **Secrets Engines**: Secrets engines are plugin components which store, generate, or encrypt data. Secrets engines are provided with some set of data, that take some action on that data, and then return a result. Some secrets engines store and read data, like encrypted in-memory data structure, other secrets engines connect to other services. Examples of Secrets Engines include identity modules of Cloud providers like AWS, Azure IAM models, Cloud (LDAP), database or certificate management. You can find more information about Vault Secrets Engines [here](/docs/secrets/).

Reviewer: Nit: Should be move this up to be right above auth methods, since both are plugin integrations?

Author: The reason it is at the bottom is it flows with the above diagram. The diagram flows: Auth, Runtime, Audit, SEs
